>> Sean: THIS IS A FOX NEWS
ALERT.
WE ARE FOLLOWING SEVERAL MAJOR
BREAKING STORIES THIS FRIDAY
NIGHT.
I KNOW SO MANY OF YOU HAVE BEEN
VERY FRUSTRATED, SO HAVE I, WITH
OUR SYSTEM OF JUSTICE.
WE'VE WATCHED MUELLER'S
WITCH-HUNT.
THAT'S BEEN PLAYING OUT FOR TWO
YEARS, DAY AFTER DAY.
AND I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN SAYING TO
YOURSELF, WELL, WHAT ABOUT ALL
OF THE PEOPLE THAT WE KNOW HAVE
BEEN ABUSING POWER, COMMITTING
REAL AND SERIOUS CRIMES?
HILLARY CLINTON'S ONE.
WE LOOK AT PEOPLE LIKE --
WHAT ABOUT THE FISA ABUSES,
STRIPPING AMERICANS OF THEIR
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS?
WHAT ABOUT THE RAMPANT CONFLICTS
OF INTEREST AT SOME OF THE
HIGHEST LEVELS AT THE DOJ, FBI?
TONIGHT WE HAVE GREAT NEWS.
ACCORDING TO MY SOURCES,
EVERYTHING THAT WE HAVE BEEN
REVEALING ABOUT THE DEEP STATE
FOR TWO YEARS WILL VERY SOON
RESULT IN MAJOR SERIOUS
RAMIFICATIONS.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A COMPLETE
BREAKDOWN OF ALL OF THIS COMING
UP.
ALL RIGHT, BUT FIRST, JUST
BREAKING A COUPLE OF HOURS AGO,
JUSSIE SMOLLETT HAS BEEN
INDICTED ON 16 FELONY COUNTS FOR
ALLEGEDLY ORCHESTRATING AN
ELABORATE HOAX.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE MORE ON THIS
THROUGHOUT THE SHOW.
ALSO WE HAVE BIG BREAKING NEWS
SURROUNDING HOUSE INTEL CHAIR
KNOWN LIAR AND KNOWN
COLLABORATOR AND COLLUSION
HIMSELF INVOLVED IN ADAM SCHIFF
AND MICHAEL COHEN.
SERIOUS CHARGES TONIGHT BEING
MADE ABOUT SCHIFF.
WE HAVE A HANNITY EXPOSE ON
CRAZY UNCLE JOE BIDEN.
WE AGAIN TONIGHT, BREAKING NEWS
ON THE DEEP STATE.
WHAT WE'RE ABOUT TO SHOW YOU,
THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING.
BUCKLE UP.
THANKS TO A SURPRISE MOVE BY ONE
VERY BRAVE HOUSE REPUBLICAN, WE
NOW HAVE DAMNING EVIDENCE
SURROUNDING THE CORRUPT,
UNETHICAL, DISHONEST ACTIONS OF
SO MANY DEEP STATE ACTORS OVER
THE PAST THREE YEARS.
THE CONGRESSMAN IS FROM GEORGIA.
HIS NAME IS DOUG COLLINS, AND HE
RELEASED THE FULL TRANSCRIPT OF
BRUCE OHR'S DEPOSITION AND ITS
CONTENTS ARE SHOCKING.
THE DEEP STATEHOUSE  OF CARDS,
IT'S BEGINNING TO TUMBLE DOWN.
BRUCE OHR WAS ONCE THE FOURTH
HIGHEST RANKING MEMBER.
REMEMBER HIS WIFE NELLY ACTUALLY
WORKED FOR CHRISTOPHER STEELE.
SHE WAS WORKING AT FUSION GPS
AND USED HER HUSBAND'S POSITION
TO PROLIFERATE THE DOSSIERS
CONTENTS.
BRUCE OHR PASSED ALONG A THUMB
DRIVE FROM HIS WIFE TO THE FBI
SO THAT TRUMP HATERS LIKE TO
STRZOK AND PAGE COULD HAVE
DIRECT ACCESS TO HILLARY CLINTON
OP RESEARCH.
AND WE ALSO LEARNED THAT BOTH
THE FBI AND THE CLINTON
CAMPAIGN, VIA FUSION GPS, THEY
WERE BOTH PAYING CHRISTOPHER
STEELE FOR THIS SO-CALLED
INTELLIGENCE.
AND WE KNOW THAT STEELE IS BEING
PAID BY A RUSSIAN OLIGARK.
YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THIS.
STEELE WAS GETTING PAID BY YOUR
FBI, HILLARY CLINTON, AND THE
DNC.
THAT'S NOT ALL.
THANKS TO THIS TRANSCRIPT, WE
KNOW THAT BRUCE OHR TESTIFIED
UNDER OATH ABOUT MEETING WITH
FUSION GPS FOUNDER GLENN
SIMPSON.
THIS OCCURRED DURING THE 2016
CAMPAIGN.
HE TESTIFIED THAT HE DIDN'T MEET
WITH BRUCE OHR UNTIL AFTER THE
ELECTION.
QUESTION IS, WHICH ONE OF THESE
TWO GUYS IS LYING?
WE ALSO LEARNED FROM THIS
DEPOSITION THAT OHR TESTIFIED HE
NOTIFIED THE FBI ABOUT HIS
CONTACTS WITH CHRISTOPHER STEELE
ALSO DURING THE 2016 ELECTION.
BUT ACCORDING TO A STATEMENT
FROM ADAM SCHIFF, WHO I THINK IS
THE BIGGEST LIAR IN CONGRESS, HE
CLAIMS THAT BRUCE OHR DID NOT
TELL THE FBI ABOUT HIS CONTACTS
WITH STEELE, AGAIN, UNTIL AFTER
THE ELECTION.
HERE WE ARE AGAIN.
WHICH ONE IS LYING?
MY MONEY'S ON SCHIFF.
NOW, HERE'S WHERE IT GETS REALLY
IMPORTANT.
BRUCE OHR ALSO TESTIFIES THAT HE
NOTIFIED THE FBI OF THE
DOSSIER'S EXTREMELY BIASED
SOURCE AND CHRISTOPHER STEELE'S
PERSONAL MISSION TO STOP TRUMP,
A BIG TRUMP HATER.
ON PAGE 15 OF THE OCTOBER 2016
FISA APPLICATION AGAINST CARTER
PAGE, IT READS THE FOLLOWING.
THE FBI WAS UNAWARE OF ANY
DEROGATORY INFORMATION
PERTAINING TO CHRISTOPHER
STEELE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE PROBLEM IS EVERYBODY IN THE
FBI KNEW OF AUGUST OF 2016 THE
DOSSIER WAS TAINTED, THAT
HILLARY AND THE DNC PAID FOR IT.
HE EVEN BRIEFED WEISSMANN ABOUT
THIS BIAS.
LITERALLY, THE SPECIAL COUNCIL'S
OFFICE HAS BEEN LONG AWARE OF
THE BIASED ORIGINS OF THE FAKE,
PHONY CLINTON DNC AND APPARENTLY
FBI AND RUSSIAN OLIGARCH
PAYMENTS TO CHRISTOPHER STEELE.
THIS IS HUGELY IMPORTANT, A
DETAIL NEVER GIVEN TO THE COURT.
THAT'S CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT
FRAUD ON A COURT, DENYING THAT
PERSON HIS CONSTITUTIONAL
RIGHTS.
AND THIS BEING DONE AT THE
HEIGHT OF THE 2016 ELECTION.
IN OTHER WORDS, THEY HAVE
PURPOSELY WITH HELD TO THE FISA
COURT CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT
FRAUD, PLAIN AND SIMPLE,
INFORMATION THAT WAS SO
RELEVANT, AND IT BECAME THE BULK
OF THE FISA APPLICATION.
IT DOESN'T END THERE.
CHRISTOPHER STEELE TESTIFIED
UNDER OATH, IN GREAT BRITAIN,
UNDER THE THREAT OF PERJURY, I
DON'T KNOW IF ANY OF THIS
DOSSIER IS TRUE, MAYBE 50/50.
IT'S JUST RAW INTELLIGENCE.
THE AUTHOR OF THE DOSSIER
DOESN'T STAND BY THE DOSSIER.
IT DOES NOT BECOME THE BULK OF
EVIDENCE TO DENY AMERICAN
CITIZEN CARTER PAGE HIS
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS AND GET A
FISA WARRANT.
LINDSEY GRAHAM HAS NOW REOPENED
IT AND WE'RE WAITING FOR THE
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S REPORT ON
THE SAME.
AND THIS INVESTIGATION CENTERS
AROUND REAL CRIMES WITH REAL
EVIDENCE.
SO, WHAT I'M TELLING YOU IS IT'S
ALL NOW BEGINNING TO CASCADE
DOWN.
IT'S TIME TO OFFICIALLY NOW PULL
THE VEIL OFF THE DEEP STATE
EFFORT.
THEY TRIED TO STEAL AN ELECTION.
THEY HAD A FAVORITE CANDIDATE,
HILLARY CLINTON.
THEY HAD SOMEBODY THEY DIDN'T
LIKE, DONALD TRUMP.
AND LITERALLY, THEY WANTED TO
ALTER THE WILL OF THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE, BOTH BEFORE THE ELECTION
AND THEN UNDO THE CAREER OF A
DULY ELECTED PRESIDENT.
THIS IS ABUSE OF POWER WE HAVE
NEVER, EVER SEEN IN THE HISTORY
OF THIS COUNTRY.
WE HAVE A LOT MORE COMING UP.
NOW, TO TURN TO MORE BREAKING
NEWS TONIGHT ABOUT ANOTHER DEEP
STATE BAD ACTOR.
NOW, DO YOU REMEMBER WHEN
CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF MADE
SUCH A BIG DEAL WHEN NUNEZ WENT
OVER TO THE WHITE HOUSE TO
REVIEW DOCUMENTS.
REMEMBER THIS?
TAKE A LOOK.
>> THE CHAIRMAN WILL NEED TO
DECIDE WHETHER HE IS THE
CHAIRMAN OF AN INDEPENDENT
INVESTIGATION INTO CONDUCT WHICH
INCLUDES ALLEGATIONS OF
POTENTIAL COORDINATION BETWEEN
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND THE
RUSSIANS OR HE IS GOING TO ACT
AS A SURROGATE OF THE WHITE
HOUSE, BECAUSE HE CANNOT DO
BOTH.
AND UNFORTUNATELY, I THINK THE
ACTIONS OF TODAY THROW GREAT
DOUBT INTO THE ABILITY OF BOTH
THE CHAIRMAN AND THE COMMITTEE
TO CONDUCT THE INVESTIGATION THE
WAY IT OUGHT TO BE CONDUCTED.
>> Sean: TONIGHT, I'M CALLING
FOR AN INVESTIGATION INTO ADAM
SCHIFF.
HE IS IN HOT WATER AFTER
REPORTEDLY, GET THIS, SENDING
HIS STAFF TO NEW YORK CITY TO
MEET WITH MICHAEL COHN FOR OVER
TEN HOURS.
REMEMBER, HE TESTIFIED ONLY
SEVEN HOURS.
PRIOR TO HIS HEARINGS ON CAPITOL
HILL.
TEN HOURS.
REMEMBER COHN ALSO TESTIFIED
THAT THEY WENT OVER AND HE
REVIEWED TOPICS WITH SCHIFF
HIMSELF, SOMETHING THE
CONGRESSMAN DENIED.
AGAIN, ONE IS LYING HERE.
WHICH ONE?
TAKE A LOOK.
>> WHAT DID YOU TALK TO
MR. SCHIFF ABOUT?
>> I SPOKE TO MR. SCHIFF ABOUT
TOPICS THAT WERE GOING TO BE
RAISED AT THE COMING HEARING.
>> THE EXTENT OF MY CONTACT WAS
INVITING HIM TO TESTIFY AND TO
ALLAY CONCERNS ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S THREATS AGAINST HIM
AND HIS FAMILY.
>> Sean: TALK ABOUT TOPICS.
THAT'S LIKE THE TEACHER GIVING
YOU THE QUESTIONS TO A TEST
AHEAD OF TIME.
STAFF TEN HOURS.
WERE THEY COACHING?
THIS NOW NEEDS ITS OWN
INVESTIGATION.
WHAT HE DID WITH MICHAEL COHN
WOULD BE CALLED WITNESS
TAMPERING.
AND IT'S NOT A FIRST FOR ADAM
SCHIFF.
IN JULY OF 2018, CONGRESSMAN
SCHIFF ACTUALLY MET WITH FUSION
GPS FOUNDER SIMPSON, HE SAID
ACCIDENTALLY.
THEY JUST RAN INTO EACH OTHER IN
ASPEN, COLORADO, WHILE SIMPSON
WAS A KEY WITNESS IN AN ONGOING
HOUSE COLLUSION PROBE.
THE PAIR DENIED TALKING ABOUT
THE INVESTIGATION.
THEY WERE JUST SOCIALIZING.
AND LET'S NOT FORGET ED HENRY'S
REPORTING FROM 2017.
DURING A CLOSED-DOOR
CONFIDENTIAL HEARING WITH DONALD
TRUMP JUNIOR, SCHIFF WAS SPOTTED
GOING IN AND OUT OF THE MEETING
ROOM OVER AND OVER AGAIN WHILE
AT THE SAME TIME CNN WAS GAINING
ACCESS TO WHAT WAS GOING ON
REALTIME TO DON JUNIOR'S
TESTIMONY AS IT WAS HAPPENING.
AND WHO COULD EVER FORGET THE
TIME THAT SCHIFF WAS CAUGHT ON
TAPE CONCLUDING WITH SOMEBODY
THAT HE THOUGHT WAS A RUSSIAN TO
GET DIRT ON PRESIDENT TRUMP SO
IT COULD IMPACT AMERICA'S
ELECTORAL PROCESS.
THE THING THAT HE SAYS HE'S NFTH
-- INVESTIGATING, WE'VE GOT HIM
ON TAPE DOING IT.
LISTEN.
>> WELL, THERE WERE PICTURES OF
NAKED TRUMP.
>> SO PUTIN WAS MADE AWARE OF
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
COMPROMISING MATERIAL?
>> YES, OF COURSE.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE'LL BE BACK IN TOUCH WITH YOU
THROUGH OUR STAFF TO MAKE
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THESE MATERIALS
FOR OUR COMMITTEE AND THE.
I APPRECIATE YOU REACHING OUT TO
US.
>> Sean: I'LL HAVE MORE
FLEXIBILITY AFTER THE ELECTION.
GIVEN THE SERIOUS CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST, NOW ALLEGATIONS OF
WITNESS TAMPERING, COLLUSION
APPARENT LEAKING THAT NEEDS TO
BE INVESTIGATING.
HE NEEDS TO HOLD HIMSELF TO THE
SAME STANDARD, AND THAT WOULD BE
RECUSE HIMSELF IMMEDIATELY.
THERE NOW NEEDS TO BE AN ETHICS
INVESTIGATION INTO ADAM SCHIFF
AND HE NEEDS TO BE HELD
ACCOUNTABLE.
NO WONDER HE DOESN'T WANT TO
COME ON THIS SHOW.
HIS ACTIONS OVER THE PAST TWO
YEARS REPRESENT EVERY SINGLE
THING THAT IS WRONG WITH THE
SEWER OF WASHINGTON, D.C.
THESE ARE NOW MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS.
AND REMEMBER, SO MUCH MORE TO
COME IN TERMS OF OTHER
DEPOSITIONS, 302'S THE FISA
WARRANT, GANG OF EIGHT.
IT'S ALL COMING OUT.
OUR VERY IMPORTANT HANNITY WATCH
AND THE RISE OF ANTI-SEMITISM
AND BIGOTRY.
THIS HAS BEEN A REALLY REVEALING
AND DESPICABLE WEEK.
AN ELECTED MEMBER OF CONGRESS IS
SITTING ON THE ALL-POWERFUL
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE EVEN
AFTER SUGGESTING, QUOTE, EVIL
JEWS ARE HYPNOTIZING THE WORLD,
THAT JEWISH MONEY IS CONTROLLING
OUR GOVERNMENT, AND THAT HER
COLLEAGUES HAVE A DUAL LOYALTY
TO ISRAEL, WHICH IS
ANTI-SEMITISM ON THE MOST VILE
LEVEL.
THIS SHOULD SHOCK THE CONSCIENCE
AND ALARM EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN.
APPARENTLY NOT THOSE UNTIL THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
A GROUP OF OUTSPOKEN RADICAL
SOCIALISTS ARE NOW PULLING THE
STRINGS IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES.
HERE'S CONGRESSWOMAN
OCASIO-CORTEZ.
APPARENTLY THEY'RE HEAD OF THE
ENTIRE DEMOCRATIC PARTY AND
NANCY PELOSI IS JUST SPEAKER IN
NAME ONLY.
THE REST OF THE DEMOCRATS ARE
EITHER FEAR MONGERING OR IN
TOTAL AGREEMENT.
THEY HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO
CONDEMN THIS HATE AND THEY
DIDN'T DO IT THIS WEEK.
NOW, BY THE WAY, THAT'S WHY
PELOSI IS ONCE AGAIN MAKING
EXCUSES FOR THIS BIGOTED
CONTINUED BEHAVIOR OF HER
COLLEAGUES.
WATCH THIS.
>> I DON'T THINK OUR COLLEAGUE
IS ANTI-SEMETIC.
I DON'T THINK SHE UNDERSTANDS
THAT SOME ARE FRAUGHT WITH
MEANING THAT SHE DIDN'T REALIZE.
>> Sean: AS PER USUAL,
CONGRESSWOMAN OCASIO-CORTEZ
LEADING THE WAY.
WHO YOU JUST SAW AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE MONTAGE IS
FUNDRAISING OFF OF HER
ANTI-SEMITISM BECAUSE GROUPS ARE
COMING AFTER HER.
ANYONE  --
IT'S A DISASTER.
THIS IS REALLY NOW AN ISSUE THIS
COUNTRY HAS TO DEAL WITH.
YOU HAVE THAT.
WE HAVE -- OH, ABORTION AFTER
BIRTH, DURING THE BIRTHING
PROCESS, A PARTY THAT LEANS SO
FAR LEFT -- LET'S SEE, NO